[Enhancement] Delete convert function and add instruction to ViT/Swin README.md (#791)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: configs/vit/README.md

}
```

## Usage

> To use other repos' pre-trained models, convert keys is necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use other repository' pre-trained models, it is necessary to convert keys.
```
